[circle-interpreter-test] Add circle-interpreter-test (#9658)
Samsung/ONE: compiler/circle-interpreter-test/README.md

# circle-interpreter-test

> `circle-interpreter-test` executes `circle-interpreter` and validates its results with tflite model's output. 

Reviewer: IMHO, this test would be better to check valid/invalid input arguments.

Author: I tried to check the input arguments' validity through `one-cmds` test, via `one-infer`. Do you think it's better to check it here, and do something else in `one-infer` test? (I have no idea what to do for `one-infer` test if verifying arguments are done here.)

Reviewer: If so, how about adding some comments about argument validity test?

Author: I added it to README :)

> # circle-interpreter-test

Author: README should be revised

# circle-interpreter-test

> `circle-interpreter-test` provides tests of _circle-interpreter_ tool is working as expected.
> 
> Current tests includes
> - input arguments test is working as expected
> - output data is written as expected
> - printing help message as well
> - validation of arguments and error message

Reviewer 2: (optional)
```suggestion
`circle-interpreter-test` checks if _circle-interpreter_ is working as expected.

Current tests includes
- input arguments test
- output data test
- printing help message test
- validation of arguments and error message test
```
